General update to regridding (#535)
xCDAT/xcdat: docs/faqs.rst

For more information on these options, visit the `xarray.open_mfdataset`_ documentation.

.. _`xarray.open_mfdataset`: https://xarray.pydata.org/en/stable/generated/xarray.open_mfdataset.html#xarray-open-mfdataset

Regridding
----------

> ``xcdat`` extends and provides a uniform interface to `xESMF`_ and `xgcm`_. In addition, ``xcdat`` provides a port of the ``CDAT`` ``regrid2`` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``xcdat`` extends and provides a uniform interface to `xESMF`_ and `xgcm`_. In addition, ``xcdat`` provides a port of the ``CDAT`` `regrid2`_ package.
```

> ``xcdat`` extends several regridding packages; `xESMF`_ and `xgcm`_. ``xcdat`` provides a uniform interface to these tools. Along with extending these packages ``xcdat`` provides a port of the ``CDAT`` ``regrid2`` package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``xcdat`` extends and provides a uniform interface to `xESMF`_ and `xgcm`_. In addition, ``xcdat`` provides a port of the ``CDAT`` ``regrid2`` package.
```

Structured rectilinear and curvilinear grids are supported.

.. _`xESMF`: https://xesmf.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

> .. _`xgcm`: https://xgcm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`xgcm`: https://xgcm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _`regrid2`: https://cdms.readthedocs.io/en/latest/regrid2.html
```

* :py:func:`xcdat.regridder.regrid2.Regrid2Regridder`

An example of `horizontal`_ regridding can be found in the `gallery`_.

.. _`Regrid2`: generated/xcdat.regridder.regrid2.Regrid2Regridder.html
.. _`horizontal`: examples/regridding-horizontal.html
.. _`gallery`: gallery.html

How do I perform vertical regridding?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The :py:func:`xcdat.regridder.accessor.RegridderAccessor.vertical` method provides access to the `xgcm`_ package.

The arguments for each regridder can be found:

* :py:func:`xcdat.regridder.xgcm.XGCMRegridder`

An example of `vertical`_ regridding can be found in the `gallery`_.

.. _`vertical`: examples/regridding-vertical.html

Can ``xcdat`` automatically derive Parametric Vertical Coordinates in a dataset?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Automatically deriving `Parametric Vertical Coordinates`_ is a planned feature for ``xcdat``.

.. _`Parametric Vertical Coordinates`: http://cfconventions.org/cf-conventions/cf-conventions.html#parametric-vertical-coordinate

Can I regrid data on unstructured grids?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Regridding data on unstructured grids is a planned feature for ``xcdat``.

Reviewer: Update to "explore"

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/xCDAT/xcdat/pull/535/commits/2121557a2664253ced1a88fab79cc2dd97e20088.
